From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, our weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
the show number 549. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Damien Brady about orchestrating and
automating deployments with octopus deploy.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes today. I'm talking
with Damien Brady. Who's a
software engineer and community person
over at octopus deploy. And
actually I'm realizing kind of
just as we start talking
that I had octopus deploy
on the show five years
ago, almost to the day.
Do you remember who I
had on or why? I
do. And hi Scott, thanks
for having me. You had
post devel and I think
it was during the startup
series in September, 2011. Yeah. It
was a whole series of
shows week after week, where
we were talking to people
who had ideas for startups
and Paul was just kind
of coming up with a
startup. He was, yeah, it
was really interesting. I listened
to it again to see
other day, just to refresh
my memory. I'm really interested
how much it's changed since
then. He's talking about some
of the ideas he had
that octopus might do in
the future. And you know,
all those things are in
the past now. So yeah,
fascinating to get a bit
of an insight into what
he was thinking at the
time. So when he started
his company, it was just
him, wasn't it? He had,
I think he'd moved to
London or something. Yeah. It
was just him. It was
him with an idea. And
he started getting that running.
And I think towards the
end of version two, which
was several years later was
the first time he pulled
somebody else on. And that
was, I believe Nick bloom
heart was involved. So he
does Siri, Logan seek and
things now, but he got
involved around version two, but
now we're up to 20
odd people, I think. Wow.
So yeah, much bigger than
it was because I'm looking
here at the description and
we referred to it as
a micro ISV. You know,
it was one of those,
just a little company. Like
I I'm a micro startup,
myself and Greg shackles have
our little thing that we're
waiting to make us a
million dollars, but it also
points out the idea of
being an overnight success in
five years. You know, I
had a friend on the
show, lovey awhile back who
was becoming an overnight success.
And when I pushed her
on that, she said it
took 13 years to do
it. I listened to that
show actually. Yeah, really interesting
that people only notice in
one in one big hit.
And I think octopus is
a little bit unique in
that over the last two
or three years, we've had
pretty steady growth, but yeah,
the first, first year or
two that Paul was at
it, you know, the occasional
sale, I think so micro
ISB and then suddenly became,
I guess, an ISV and
then macro is in the
future. So, so what is
it that, what is the
problem that octopus solves and
what is, what, why is
it interesting? And I would
also point out just in
the interest of full disclosure
that a couple of times
octopus has sponsored a feed
on my blog. That's not
related to why we're having
a chat today. No octopus
was basically written to help
deployment automation. So it's a
deployment or automation tool primarily
for dotnet developers, although that
becomes less true as we
go on and it's designed
to basically make sure that
your deployments are trustworthy, repeatable,
scalable, and all those good
things that you, that you
want to happen when you're
deploying your application all the
way through to production. So
when you think about like
the application development life cycle,
there's, you know, continuous integration
that we pushed a lot
kind of in the late
nineties and early two thousands,
then that turned into continuous
deployment. Is this a build
server and a deployment server?
Does it, where does it
fit into the, of the
chain? Yeah, so we come
in after the build. So
if you're using a build
server at the moment, usually
TeamCity or team build Tim
foundation built, those are the
really common ones, but it
could be bamboo or Jenkins
or anything like that. The
build occurs. So it takes
all your code compiles, it
runs your tests, does all
that kind of stuff and
then produces a package or
a series of packages. And
I think when, when you
were talking to Paul back
in 2011, and even until
fairly recently, those packages when
you get packages. So basically
a zip with a manifest
with some version information and
things like that. But once
that package has been created,
octopus takes that package and
we'll deploy it through your
environment. So through dev staging,
test QA production and so
on, in a consistent way.
And the idea really is
that once you have that
package, that's the one package
you want to deploy. So
the idea of build wants
deploy many and making sure
that that process occurs the
same way every single time.
So there's no surprises when
you get to production. When
I am looking at my
blog here and in March
of 2011, so a little
more than a year before
I talked to a DePaul,
I said, if you're using
X copy, you're doing it
wrong. And I remember giving
a talk where I kind
of described, you know, if
you open up to explore
windows and then drag your
stuff into production, right? Or
if you're using files Zilla
to go into production, if
you remote desktop into production
and then copy paste from
the remoting system, you might
be deploying wrong. And people
always laugh in this kind
of uncomfortable and nervous way.
Yeah. Yep. They, they laugh
and then go back to
their offices and do exactly
that, which, you know, it,
it's one of these things
that really falls into that
bucket of the thing that
you don't know that you
don't know. It's really hard
to tell that that's a
bad thing. If that's just
your reality day to day,
you know, copying files to
production and, you know, copying
the, this is the real
production web config file over
the top of web config,
just to make sure that,
you know, you've got the
right configuration settings, you know,
that's, that's just something that
people do. And in a
lot of places, they don't
realize that that's not a
great way of doing things.
It's not repeatable. It's not
very scalable. It takes time
and you know, is basically
dangerous. Is that, is that
fair? Is that, I mean,
some people might say, well,
you know, it's no big
deal. I mean, I'll be
totally honest with you. I
have worked in large systems
on large systems and make
continuous reliable deployments. But my
blog, I manage with files
Zillow. Yeah. Every time I
do it, I feel kind
of gross about it. But
at the same time, you
know, I deploy twice a
year. Yep. And that's absolutely
the case. It's one of
these things. If you, I
mean, if you are a
team of one person, you're
probably not going to implement
an entire scrum, you know,
daily stand ups with the
person sitting across from you
and then continuous integration with
full code coverage, over test
suites and deployment pipelines and
all that sort of stuff.
If you're deploying once or
twice a year. I mean,
I have a blog which
I just ported to ghost
actually on running on a
Azure, running on Azure websites,
I think. And I just
use kudu straight from get
up inside, check in or
I commit and push and
it's live. Okay. So you
deploy, you let Azure do
the deployment. So basically you
have a web hook, you
check it in to get,
and then it gets deployed
from get. Yeah, absolutely. And
for my blog, that's perfectly
fine. I mean, if I,
and I did this the
other day, actually I upgraded
it and the whole thing
just collapsed. And so I
rolled back, but there, the
outcome of that was that
nobody could visit my blog
for an hour. And you
know, if somebody was visiting
my blog during that hour,
that's probably fairly unlikely anyway.
So that's not a big
deal, but if you're talking
about a deployment in a
bank or in a large
organization where people are using
your application constantly, then that's
a different story. You don't
really want to have this,
the system of word documents
and trying to remember everything
that you need to do
and do it the same
way each time. That's, that's
the idea behind tools like
octopus really is to, to
automate that and make sure
that it's trustworthy. You know,
that when you check in
your code, eventually it's going
to get to production in
the Safeway, or it's not
going to get to production.
If it's going to break
things. When I was working
in, in banks, we would
have, you know, seven, 10,
15 web servers, all kind
of working in tandem. And
we get weird little flaky
bugs where, you know, a
page would look one way
and then you'd click and
then you'd come back and
it would look fine and
you go in and the
heck's going on. And you
realize like web seven is
out of sync. Yeah. Yup.
And then what do you
do or such and such
a version of a DLL
is wrong. And then inevitably
someone would go and remote
desktop in run, DIR check
version numbers. And we'd, we'd
kind of run around, figuring
out which DLL is out
of sync is our deployment
systems like this meant to
fix that or isn't that
what containers are meaning to
fix. Yeah. And that is
kind of the way that
the containers are entering the
picture as well. So one
of the, I mean, one
of the core principles behind
deployment automation and things like
that is making sure that,
you know, you can build
from at least a known,
starting point. So it may
not be bare metal, but
it might be, you know,
an iOS with containers running
on it. So rather than
just deploying, Oh, here's a
little update to the application,
which should be in this
state in production to bring
it up to speed, you
deploy the whole thing again
and containers, you know, you
can't get, can't get closer
to deploying the whole thing
again, then deploying the entire,
you know, the entire container
with everything and all its
resources on it. You know,
you can't, you can't do
that quite the way you
can with containers. So that
repeatability of deploying everything is,
is kind of where containers
is going to solve that
problem. I think. So then
let's say the containers takes
over the world and tomorrow
everyone's doing containers. Yep. Where
does a continuous deployment tool
like octopus or whatever fit
into that world then? Yeah,
that's interesting. And actually something
we're trying to work out
now, we think there's still
a place for octopus. So
the difference between something like
building your package into a
Docker image, and then pushing
that out into a container
service, that's kind of a
one step, you know, take
this version of the image
and then run it. And
that's it in a real
environment, you might have a
number of those containers. And
then you might also have
a database that's sitting in
the background, a few network,
things that need to happen,
maybe some notifications that need
to occur when a new
version comes out. So those
additional steps is where we
think octopus is probably going
to provide the value. I
sat at the same time.
I mean, we don't want
to repeat, we don't want
to reinvent the wheel. So
things like Kubernetes and so
on that orchestrate, you know,
spinning up new containers and
balancing and all that kind
of stuff. If that's already
being used by the community,
we don't want to write
our own version of that.
We'd prefer to integrate with
that, but it's interesting. You
bring that up because we
just released an RFC for
our DACA support. It's on
our blog. And basically we're
asking people how they see
octopus and DACA working together.
Yeah. We don't want to
trade on the toes of,
you know, something that's already
being used in the industry.
We want to add value
where we can. Well, and
it brings up the question
I think of when, when,
when a prescription becomes best
practices and then just becomes
how people do things. You
know, we, we, we are
right now, I think learning
how containers ought to work.
And we're kind of on
the tail end of learning
how continuous deployment auto work
and people are writing prescription
blog posts and talks and
books about, you know, this
is how we do it
at Twitter. This is how
we do it at whatever.
This is the way it's
done. It's very prescriptive. And
then in a couple of
years, that'll simply become the
way it's done. You know
what I mean? Like every
everything goes through those phases.
Yeah, that's right. And that
that's kind of happened with
agile software development. You don't
really need to. Exactly. Yeah.
You don't really need to
talk about whether somebody is
doing their software development in
an agile way. That's just
the way you do software
development. Now. Hopefully even like,
hopefully everybody does that. Right.
And hopefully the same thing
with CGI to us. And
to a lesser extent, I
suppose, where, you know, you
don't have to worry about
the main version of the
code being on Steve's machine.
You know, that that's not
a thing that you tend
to worry about. You integrate
your code by committing it
to, to a source control
repo. That's the shared one
in the master branch or
trunk. And that's, it's something
we used to talk about.
And now it's kind of
a, you know, in most
places they'll probably do that.
It's just a way of
doing business. Well, it does,
but you actually, you do
bring up an issue though,
because I'm sure that there
are people listening, who we
just lost because they were
like, well, no, we're still
on CVS or, Oh, we
just got on SVN or,
you know, we work for
the government and, you know,
gosh, it is, you know,
the server is under Anna's
desk and then it gets
copied onto Steve's. You know
what I mean? Like that
those things still exist. There's
a software maturity, but I
think we do agree that
once you learn about continuous
integration and then continuous deployment,
you realize, wow, that is
exactly what we need. Inevitably
though, people say our systems,
our bosses, our paperwork doesn't
allow that. Yeah. And, and
you're right. I've, I've basically
been lucky enough to be
in an echo chamber of
this kind of talk for,
you know, for 10 years,
ish now where continuous improvement
and continuous integration and deployment
and stuff. Those are things
that you do think about.
And the organization you work
for has some investment in,
you know, in trying to
make this process or trying
to keep up with these
processes. But that's not the
case in every environment. And
I have been, I've worked
in government departments where you
have that typical kind of
big bang, you know, this
is a six month project.
And then at the end
you deploy the project and
then there's two months of
trying to work out what
went wrong and then you
walk onto a new project.
So, you know, before agile
was a thing, at least
in, at least in the.net
world, you know, that kind
of one deployment cycle, was
it kind of prevents this,
this thought about how the
can occur nicely and how
everything fits together from a
process perspective. How important do
you think it is that,
that, that, that the deployment
be continuous versus the deployment
simply be reliable and repeatable?
I think quite a while
ago, you spoke to Jess
humble and Martin Fowler at
the GoTo conference. I think
it was in 2012. Yeah.
And that they've got that
canonical book, obviously the continuous
delivery book. And so that's
really the difference between continuous
delivery and continuous deployment. So
continuous deployment itself, I don't
think is really that important,
but continuous delivery is much
more important. So the difference
between those two as explained
by, by those guys, it
was really that continuous deployment
is actually deploying your software
to production or whatever environment
on a continuous basis. But
continuous delivery is being able
to deploy that whenever you
want. So being in a
situation where you can decide,
you want to deploy to
production now, and you can
do it, it's not going
to take a three month
process of signatures and things
like that. So I think
it's much more important to
be able to deploy rather
than actually deploying it continuously.
Okay. So if someone's listening
and thinking, well, you know,
we just got our continuous
integration system set up. Maybe
it's time to start thinking
about continuous deployment. Maybe they
can just take it back
a notch and say, well,
let's just get a reliable
push button deployment. Yeah. And
that's kind of the first
point. And even in some
really, really like cutting edge,
move fast and break stuff,
kind of environments, they still
don't push the production continuously.
They still might want, you
know, one person in charge
to be able to push
the button. But if that's
all it takes pushing a
button, then that's a fantastic
position to be in. Right.
It sure does make us
feel bad though. Don't you
like, you know, we're oppressed
deploys 68,000 times a day.
It's just like, really we
do a twice a year,
you know, it's just, it's
kind of set up to
continuous deployment, like how much
is too much. Yeah. Yeah.
And it depends a little
bit how your customers get
your product to, so in
our case with octopus, we,
we will, we will deploy
whenever we think it makes
sense to deploy to production.
We could probably do it
continuously, but that doesn't make
for a really good experience
with people going to download
the latest version, even as
it stands. Usually when we
release a major or a
minor version, the next few
days we'll have a few
updates to fix some small
bugs that we found. And
we get complaints about that.
People saying, you know, you
just released 3.4 and now
it's four days later and
you're up to 3.4 dot
four, you know, can you
tell me when it's stable?
So well, well, it feels,
it feels sloppy. Yeah. But
I mean, the alternative really
is sitting on those little
bugs. Yeah. Yeah. And I
think that, you know, dot
net core is going to
start seeing that too. You
know, we put out we'll,
we'll put out one Oh
and one Oh one and
things like that. And for
some people they're gonna be
like, awesome. Look really actively
working on this. And other
people are going to say,
wow, this is not okay,
wait two years and make
it really stable. And then
talk to me when it's
done. Yeah. That's true. That's
definitely the case. It makes
things, yeah. Things are a
lot easier if you're deploying
to the web, of course,
because then you can deploy
these things and they just
happen. And, you know, nobody
has to download a new
version or update their packages
or anything like that. It
just, you know, Oh, this
new features just lit up,
which is great. So it
sounds like when I, when
I think the word octopus,
it's not just deploying to
one place it's to point
to farms of places. And
it's the orchestration of not
just a bunch of websites
and a bunch of places,
but if you had a
large multi-tiered multilayered application, like
a, like a SharePoint installation
or something big that required
five, 10, 15 machines, and
they're all had different roles
that, that could get pretty
hairy. If I was going
to try to write that
in a PowerShell script. Yeah,
definitely. And so, I mean,
you could, you could still
write that in a PowerShell
script, I'd probably recommend writing
it in a few PowerShell
script or at least having
some decent logging. So if
something goes wrong, you know,
roughly where you're up to,
but something like octopus will
have individual steps for each
of those tasks. And by
treating the targets as kind
of a, a first class
citizen, you can say, well,
on my web role, I
want you to deploy this,
you this ISP net website
and set up IIS. And
if you add another, add
another machine to that web
farm, then you know that
that machine will then get
those, those steps run as
well. Let me, let me
describe something to you. And
you can maybe tease me
if this was dumb, because
if you go out and
you go in and Google
for large scale PowerShell deployment,
you'll find a paper that
I wrote in July of
2007. So, you know, it's,
what is that nine years
ago? So I apologize. And
I actually wrote it in
2000, November, 2006. It's a PDF
I wrote for my CTO
that was called managing large
scale deployment with PowerShell. And,
you know, you have to
remember, people have to remember
when this happened, right. PowerShell
1.0, you know, visual studio,
2003, 2005 windows server, 2003,
you know, we still had
Nant for builds and stuff.
Okay. And what we ended
up doing was putting custom
services on all of our
windows machines. So you'd boot
up a brand new windows
machine. You'd put a service
on it and then we'd
have a we'd would basically
we would, it was bad.
But again, I feel bad
even explaining it. We checked
in the binaries into source
control, like subversion and then
labeled them and said, here's
the binaries. Then I would
call out to 15 different
windows services and say, go
get that label. They would
then check it out, read
only into the location, into
AIS www route or whatever,
run some scripts. And you
would have giant distributed data
center solution completely distributed. And
then you would call out
to those things. And so
this was, you know, bailing
wire and miracles. If people
know who MacGyver was. Yeah.
This is the MacGyver scripting
thing. But I mean, we
insane From a conceptual point
of view. I don't mind
that that's quite good. I
mean, you're, you're, you're meeting
the, the requirements of, you
know, you've got this one
bill, there's one set of
packages that you're deploying and
you're deploying them in a
consistent way. Right. That's the
same scripts that run on
every mill, those machines. Okay.
So to add a new
machine to a web farm,
for example, you would spin
that machine up, install the
agent on that machine and
then yeah. And it wasn't
exactly. It would just join
in. So join in and
presuming everything is completely scripted.
Right? There's nobody ID paying
into a thing and file
copy. No, that was, that
was the point was to
keep us on. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, that's actually not
too far away from what
octopus does. We, we keep
the packages in a different
way, but we run those
same tasks on those target
machines to pull down the
package that needs to be
deployed and run the scripts
that need to need to
be run. How do you
ensure though, that the files
are like, you know, unchanged,
because what we would do
is we would have, because
the files were in source
control, we could tell if
they were dirty, if they'd
been modified and then we
could revert to a label,
how do you, how does
the does? So it was
a little bit weird, but
it does there's octopus and
systems like it check and
make sure the system doesn't
get changed or do you
just redeploy? So octopus has
a concept of a release
as a noun, which is
kind of a definition of
everything that needs to happen
to get version of the
application running. And so that
will include the versions of
the packages that you're deploying.
So let's say you have
a, have a web application
and a web API and
some database scripts or something
like that. Those, those packages
will be versioned. And then
in octopus you would say,
right, I'm going to create
a release. And this release
is 1.2, for example. And
it includes the web package
1.2 and maybe the API
package 1.0, cause that one
hasn't changed and the database
scripts 1.0, cause they haven't
changed. And so that's your
release. And then when you
deploy that release, it will
use that version of the
packages in your dev environment.
And then if you deployed
a test, for example, that
we use that same, those
same versions of the packages.
So you, the V the
packages that actually get pushed
out to the machines are
the ones that are defined
in that release that you're
pushing out. Okay. And do
you ever have to worry
about, like, what if something
gets changed? Do you start
seeing a flaky, like we
talked about at the beginning,
Oh, sorry. If something changes
on a target machine, You
know, someone does remote in,
or a file gets uploaded
corrupted, or, you know, something
bad happens and www seven
is different than one through
eight. Yeah. That that's. So
at the moment, octopus is
very prescriptive in what you
tell it to do. So
it will, it will do
the steps that you perform.
And then beyond that, it'll
keep your, keep an eye
on that machine to make
sure it can still talk
to it. But beyond that,
it doesn't really, you know,
check that the right versions
of, of system resources and
things are running that said
we've recently released in 3.4
machine policies. So when it
does a health check, you
can run arbitrary PowerShell as
part of that health check.
So you could write PowerShell
to say, look, I need
to make sure these things
are on these versions. Otherwise
the machine is not healthy.
Check the Shaws of the,
you know, the shower hashes
or whatever. Yeah. But I
mean, ultimately they're your machines.
If you want to go
in and copy some files
around, you know, you probably
can, if you have, you
have the permissions, but it's
yeah. It all depends. We
were worried from a banking
perspective that, you know, evil,
thanking evil software that we
didn't intend got out there,
but it sounds like what
I was doing at the
file level. You're already doing
it, the package level, you
know, what packages should you
put up? Yeah. Yeah. That's
all right. So then I
hear a lot when I
hear about deployment about this
idea of DSC desired state
configuration. And it seems to
me like it's, and this
is really oversimplifying and I'll
probably get in trouble for
this, but it feels like
it's the difference between being
very declarative and saying, I
wish the machine looked like
this versus being very programmatic
where it's like, here's some
scripts that will make it
look like that. Yep. Yeah.
We, so in that respect,
octopus is very programmatic, like
very prescriptive and you do
this, then do this, then
do this. If you look
at something like chef or
puppet, I believe they're more
declarative. Let's say this machine
is an NDRC. Obviously this
is what the machine should
look. Yeah, yeah. What they
compile into, like, because ultimately
everything becomes instructions, right. Someone
has to go and do
this, if that, if that
Yeah. Yeah, they do. And
I guess this is where,
and this is probably just
me being uncomfortable with it,
but I'm kind of uncomfortable
with the idea of how
you have a look at
this machine, you know, telling
an automated process, have a
look at this machine and
then make it look like
this. Have you what, the
questions that arise in my
mind, I, you know, have
you covered everything? You know,
if you're saying, I want
to be this version and
PowerShell this version to be
on the machine, what about
the other stuff? That's that
you haven't checked that you're
not, you're not verifying now.
That's probably not going to
be solved by being prescriptive
rather than declarative, but it's
it's problems that kind of
get brushed under the rug.
I think that said, I
don't think that's a reason
not to use PowerShell DSC
or, or things like that,
But it doesn't that mean
that I could use PowerShell
DSC with something like yeah.
Octopus and use them together.
And then I get the
best of both worlds. Yeah,
absolutely. And that's what a
lot of people will do.
And that comes back to
the treating servers, like cattle,
not pets or whatever, the
new, I think that one's
not terribly politically correct anymore.
So yeah. I don't think
that it is politically correct,
but I think the point
is that you love your
pets. Yes. And you do
not care at all about
your servers and you should
not get attached to them
and name them after like
all the people in the
Lord of the rings. Just
exactly right. It really shouldn't
be web one and web
seven and, you know, Hey
web seven goes down, you
shut it off and you
can another way. Yeah. Yeah,
exactly. Right. And, and by
using something like doc, you
can say, well, this machine
is just not behaving very
well anymore. So let's just
tear it down and spin
up a new one and
you spin up a new
one. And we actually have
DSE. And I think in
Azure machine extensions as well
for the technical agent, which
is what octopus uses to
do the work on the
target machine. So we have
integration with DSE. So you
can say, I spin up
a new machine and I
want an octopus tentacle to
be on it. And also
run these scripts to register
myself as a new web
server with octopus and in
the latest versions of octopus
as well, octopus can respond
to those events of a
new machine being made available
and can deploy the versions
of the application that should
be running. So really good
for kind of auto scaling.
And this is something, a
lot of customers did themselves
with a whole bunch of
scripts, but now it's kind
of out of the box.
Interesting. Okay. And then if
I've got, you know, dev
tests, staging and things like
that, and you know, almost
my own little personal cloud
and things that have got
internally do, does octopus understand
not just the deployment pipeline,
but the run up to,
you know, get it into
development first and get into
smoke testing, and then have
it promote builds, get promoted
basically all the way out
the door. Yeah. So you
can define the life cycle
of, of what goes, where,
and even who can deploy
to the different environments. So
the typical one is, you
know, you might have your
dev, which everybody can access
and then test which most
people can access. Maybe just
the testers are allowed to
click the button to go
to that test environment. But
beyond that, you know, your
developers, you probably don't necessarily
in an organization in a
large organization, want to give
them the ability to pull
it, to deploy, to production
by clicking a button. So
maybe they can see what's
running in production, but it's
the CEO who clicks the
button, but you can define.
Yeah. So you can define
that life cycle of, well,
we need to go to
here and then we need
to go to at least
two test environments first, and
then we can go to
QA and then we can
go to production, for example.
So you're pretty chill. You're
pretty relaxed person. How important
do you think it is
for people who are listening
to this podcast to think
hard when they get to
work? Cause they may be
to us on the way
to work Right now about
their deployment. And if they
haven't got at least push
button deployment, if not continuous
deployment that they need to
like really make this the
year that they make that
happen. I think it's a
really important thing to do
if you're in an environment
now though, where you have
a team of 20 developers
and when you get to
production, that's the first time
you do a compilation of
everybody's code, then those are
problem probably problems you have
to sort out first. Okay,
good point. I'd say. Yeah.
Continuous integration first. And then
once, once you've got that
down, once you can commit
your code and know that,
you know, you haven't broken
anything hideous, then it's definitely
time to start looking at
continuous delivery or continuous deployment.
Okay. So it really is
a formal, you've got to
take a hard look at
your application development life cycle
and how you're going to
treat that. I think so.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's
no point having everything automated
to go all the way
through to production if you're
not really sure what the
code looks like before you
do that. Yeah. That's a
very valid point. Cool. Well,
thanks so much for chatting
with me today. No problem.
It's Damien Brady from octopus
deploy, you can find of
course, Damien online on Twitter
and do check out octopus
deploy like a, like I
said, they have sponsored the
blog before, but I also
really respect the work that
Paul and his team have
done down there. And it's
worth checking out. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week. .